Design a 2D/2.5D mobile game prototype called “Zomboid Assult” where players defend against 
zombie hordes advancing from two lanes (columns). The game features configurable rounds loaded 
from a JSON config file, with increasing horde size and difficulty, rewards (power-ups, coins), 
and barriers. Shooting 'Zomboids' triggers a countdown timer, and the goal is to survive each 
round’s duration.

Layout:
Column based game where powerups and different types of Zomboids pregress downward at the same speed.
At the bottom the player can move their character, or team of characters back and forth.

Strategy:
The player must decide to shoot either the horde to prevent them from reaching the bottom where the
player character(s) are or shoot at a decending timer object to release an upgrade.

Upgrades:
Beginning with a simple gun shooting continously upward.
Progressive upgrades double, tripple the gun, turn it into a pulse laser, mega machine gun etc.

Graphics:
Let's start with a simple black themed game where colors and shapes represent different types of Zomboids.
Simple zomboids will be small circles and then they can get upto 2 sizes bigger. Then represent Different 
types of zomboids using other shapes like squares and hex.

Upgrade countdown timers:
These should be thin, full column (for the half of the screen they appear on) with a number counter
Some counter ideas:
 - Start with a red thin box with -25 centerd, and as it is shot at that number increases until it reaches 0 and when it goes positive
 it turns light blue and starts to go positive. The number it reaches either removes heros or adds heros to
 the player. All heros can shoot the same gun currently equipt.

Theme:
Think Dark Mode Chrome like graphics with minimalistic outline highlights on all shapes.

Configuration:
Try to create one definition for the properties of the game like zomboids, heros (player characters), 
Upgrades etc.
Make another folder for Chapters and defined levels showcasing waves of zomboids attacking.